Introduction:
For this particular assignment, were we tasked with creating a random password generator with a set of already designed html and CSS.  We only had to add the javaScript to the folder in order to meet the criteria set out for this assignment.

Writing:
Admittedly, I have not been absorbing the use and properties of javaScript at any sort of fast pace.  This task has been extremely difficult, time consuming and frustrating as I've been writing and learning this new coding language.  I heavily relied upon the assistance of my tutor, internet resources, YouTube videos and have even reached out to friends and acquaintances to assist in writing what turns out to be rather simple code once the process of making sense of the functions were instilled in me. 

Issues: Testing the code as I was writing was particularly frustrating, due to my lack of knowledge thus far and the inability to seek out problems on my own.  This is where the use of tutors and peers to help establish and correct problems with the code was most important.  This section of the boot camp has made me feel more dense and unable than any other topic we've thus far discussed and been taught.  I know if I continue to keep my nose to the grindstone, I will become proficient and viable in the working world using this newly taught programming language.

Conclusion:
In conclusion, although this homework presented numerous issues and hair pulling moments, I am confident in my skills and the support given to me through peers, tutors and instructors.  I know it's a long road ahead, but with every tiny victory comes huge celebration on my end.  I'd feel better if I was more self sufficient in writing and deciphering this code all on my own, but speed bumps and frustration are a part of the learning process.  The end result of my code actually fulfilling its duty was elating, but I now know more than ever that I need to invest as much time as before and more in getting to know how the whole process functions.  I am both terrified and excited for future endeavors.